Add `-experimental` compiler flags (#18571)
lampepfl/dotty: docs/_docs/reference/experimental/overview.md

In general, experimental language features can be imported in an experimental scope (see [experimental definitions](../other-new-features/experimental-defs.md)).
They can be imported at the top-level if all top-level definitions are `@experimental`.

### `-experimental` compiler flag

> This flag will make all top-level definitions have the `@experimental` annotation. This effectively enables the use of any experimental language feature in the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flag enables the use of any experimental language feature in the project. It does this by adding 
an `@experimental` annotation to all top-level definitions. Hence, dependent projects also have to be experimental.
```
